mg master 1195 add OSPdO content incl 3 new modules (#461)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_configuring-the-stf-connection-for-director-operator-for-the-overcloud.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="configuring-the-stf-connection-for-director-operator-for-the-overcloud_{context}"]
= Configuring the STF connection for director Operator for the overcloud

Edit the `heat-env-config-deploy` ConfigMap to create a connection from {OpenStack} ({OpenStackShort}) to {Project}.

.Procedure

. Login to the {OpenShift} environment and change to the project that hosts your {OpenStack} deployment.

. Open the `heat-env-config-deploy` ConfigMap for editing:
+
[source,bash,options="nowrap",subs="verbatim"]
----
$ oc edit heat-env-config-deploy
----

> . Add your `stf-connectors.yaml` configuration to the `heat-env-config-deploy ConfigMap`, appropriate to your environment, save your edits and close the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add your `stf-connectors.yaml` configuration to the `heat-env-config-deploy` ConfigMap, appropriate to your environment, save your edits and close the file:
```

+
.stf-connectors.yaml
[source,yaml,options="nowrap"]
----
apiVersion: v1
data:
  [...]
  stf-connectors.yaml: |
    resource_registry:
      OS::TripleO::Services::Collectd: /usr/share/openstack-tripleo-heat-templates/deployment/metrics/collectd-container-puppet.yaml

    parameter_defaults:
        MetricsQdrConnectors:
            - host: default-interconnect-5671-service-telemetry.apps.ostest.test.metalkube.org
              port: 443
              role: edge
              verifyHostname: false
              sslProfile: sslProfile

        MetricsQdrSSLProfiles:
            - name: sslProfile

        CeilometerQdrEventsConfig:
            driver: amqp
            topic: cloud1-event

        CeilometerQdrMetricsConfig:
            driver: amqp
            topic: cloud1-metering

        CollectdAmqpInstances:
            cloud1-notify:
                notify: true
                format: JSON
                presettle: false
            cloud1-telemetry:
                format: JSON
                presettle: false

        CollectdSensubilityResultsChannel: sensubility/cloud1-telemetry
----

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * For more information about the `stf-connectors.yaml` environment file, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html/service_telemetry_framework_1.5/assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration_assembly#configuring-the-stf-connection-for-the-overcloud_assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration[Configuring the STF connection for the overcloud]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more information about the `stf-connectors.yaml` environment file, see xref:configuring-the-stf-connection-for-the-overcloud_assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration[].
```

> * For more information about adding heat templates to a {OpenStack} director Operator deployment, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html/rhosp_director_operator_for_openshift_container_platform/assembly_adding-heat-templates-and-environment-files-with-the-director-operator_rhosp-director-operator#doc-wrapper[Adding heat templates and environment files with the director Operator]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more information about adding heat templates to a {OpenStack} director Operator deployment, see link:{defaultURL}/rhosp_director_operator_for_openshift_container_platform/assembly_adding-heat-templates-and-environment-files-with-the-director-operator_rhosp-director-operator#doc-wrapper[Adding heat templates and environment files with the director Operator]
```
